# IO.Swagger.Model.Pack
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Key** | **string** | issued API key. | [optional] 
**LayFlat** | **bool?** | aligns all items laying flat. If possible, it may create a \&quot;brick-laying\&quot; pattern to increase stability. | [optional] [default to false]
**Interlock** | **bool?** | alternates layFlat orientation by layer, so as to create an interlocked placement pattern and improve item stability. | [optional] [default to false]
**Corners** | **bool?** | only pack items at valid corner points of other items (optimal) | [optional] [default to true]
**ItemSets** | [**List&lt;ItemSet&gt;**](ItemSet.md) | item set definitions if not creating random items. | [optional] 
**BoxTypes** | [**List&lt;BoxType&gt;**](BoxType.md) | box type definitions for packing, will override boxTypeSets defined. | [optional] 
**Boxes** | [**List&lt;Box&gt;**](Box.md) | pre-packed boxes, including any items specified that will be packed and excess space used before any new boxes are created. | [optional] 
**UsableSpace** | **decimal?** | an estimate of typical box utilization for the quick \&quot;estimated\&quot; boxTypeChoiceStyle, which will be used to ensure \&quot;estimated\&quot; box type choices are not overly optimistic regarding potential volume utilization. | [optional] 
**ReservedSpace** | **decimal?** | space in boxes that is reserved, i.e., for packing material. | [optional] 
**BoxTypeSets** | [**List&lt;BoxTypeSet&gt;**](BoxTypeSet.md) | predefined box types to be used, separated by commas. Will be overridden by boxTypes. Acceptable values are &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;\&quot;fedex\&quot;- -FedEx OneRate&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;\&quot;usps\&quot;- -USPS Priority Flat Rate&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;\&quot;pallet\&quot;- -full-, half-, and quarter-sized 48\&quot;x40\&quot; pallets. | [optional] 
**Eye** | **Object** | The x,y,z coordinates of the virtual eye looking at the package for visualization purposes. Default is isometric, \&quot;1,1,1\&quot;. To generate a side view, one could use \&quot;0.001,1.0,0.001\&quot;. | [optional] 
**PackOrigin** | **Object** | the x,y,z coordinates of an optional packing origin. A packing origin is used to create more balanced packing for situations where load needs to be considered. E.g., for a 40\&quot;x48\&quot; pallet, a packOrigin representing the middle of the pallet, \&quot;0,20,24\&quot;, would cause placement to minimize the distance of the packed items from the center of the pallet. | [optional] 
**Zone** | **int?** | &lt;b&gt;[experimental]&lt;/b&gt; the shipping zone in order to use basic zone-based price optimization. | [optional] 
**Rules** | [**List&lt;Rule&gt;**](Rule.md) | Array of packing rules. | [optional] 
**Random** | **bool?** | create random items | [optional] [default to false]
**N** | **int?** | number of random items to generate and the quantity of each if \&quot;random\&quot; is set to true. a value of 5 would create 5 different items with a quantity of 5 each, making the total item quantity equal to n&amp;sup2; | [optional] 
**RandomMaxDimension** | **int?** | maximum item dimension along a single axis for randomly generated items. | [optional] 
**RandomMaxWeight** | **int?** | maximum item weight for randomly generated items. | [optional] 
**RandomMaxQuantity** | **int?** | maximum quantity for randomly generated items. | [optional] 
**Seed** | **bool?** | if random is selected, seed the random number generator to deterministically generate random items to pack. | [optional] [default to true]
**SeedValue** | **int?** | if seed is set to true, specifies a non-default seed for the random number generator. | [optional] 
**ImgSize** | **int?** | width of rendered SVGs in pixels. | [optional] 
**Template** | **string** | template name for markup generation. | [optional] 
**IncludeScripts** | **bool?** | include inline javascripts and styles for base template | [optional] [default to true]
**IncludeImages** | **bool?** | include inline images, default is always on | [optional] [default to true]
**ImageFormat** | **string** | case-insensitive format to render images in, either &#39;SVG&#39; or &#39;PNG&#39;, if includeImages is enabled. | [optional] [default to ImageFormatEnum.Svg]
**CoordOrder** | **List&lt;int?&gt;** | If placementStyle is set to \&quot;default\&quot;, coordOrder sets the placement priority of axes ascendingly. \&quot;0,1,2\&quot; would search for placement points along the Z(length,\&quot;2\&quot;), then Y(width,\&quot;1\&quot;), and finally X(height\&quot;0\&quot;). Keep in mind that in the default rendering the \&quot;up\&quot; direction is X and the other axes follow the right-hand rule. This is useful for different packing methods. E.g., Utilizing \&quot;2,0,1\&quot; would pack a shipping container first in the Y(width) direction, then in the X(height) direction, and finally in the Z(length) direction, replication a floor-to-ceiling, front-to-back loading method. | [optional] 
**CohortPacking** | **bool?** | if selected, will ensure that all like items will be packed together, in no more than [cohortMax] different groups within a single container. | [optional] [default to false]
**CohortMax** | **int?** | the maximum number of contiguous cohorts for a given item type within a single container. E.g., if you pack 40 chairs in a single container, a cohortMax of 2 could yield one (all 40 chairs in a single block if space is availabe) or two (say, 25 chairs in one corner and 15 in the other) contiguous cohorts. | [optional] 
**AllowableOverhang** | **decimal?** | The amount an item can overhang lower items that it is placed upon. The units are whatever units the box and item dimensions are given in. By convention, inches. | [optional] 
**PlacementStyle** | **string** | How to place items. &#39;default&#39; will defer to coordOrder, &#39;corner&#39; minimizes distance to rear, bottom corner, &#39;wedge&#39; minimizes distance to middle of bottom, back edge, &#39;mound&#39; minimizes distance to center of carton bottom. | [optional] [default to PlacementStyleEnum.Default]
**ItemSort** | **string** | Method to use to sort items for placement. Default is item volume descending. &#39;largest-box-needed&#39; is by the volume of the smallest box type specified that will fit the item, descending, &#39;largest-girth&#39; is 2*(width + height), descending, &#39;longest-dimension&#39; is by longest single item dimension, descending, &#39;largest-cross-section&#39; is by largest product of the two greatest dimensions, descending. It can often be worth attempting packs with competing itemSorts and picking the lowest cost option. &#39;combined&#39; uses all possible item sorts and returns the lowest totalCost option. | [optional] [default to ItemSortEnum.Combined]
**ItemSortReverse** | **bool?** | Whether or not to reverse the itemSort utilized. | [optional] [default to false]
**ItemInitialOrientationBestForBox** | **bool?** | For all items where orientation flipping is used, the orientation producing the highest multiple of items fit per remaining dimension is used as the first orientation. This option should be enabled when packing high quantities of single item types, but may produce inconsistent results in other cases. Defers to item orientation locking and itemOrientationSearchDepth &gt; 0 if a superior result is found. | [optional] [default to false]
**ItemInitialOrientationPreferred** | **bool?** | Whether to attempt packing by either greedily placing items or placing all allowable combinations of initial item orientations and selecting the most performant. When true, items will be placed immediately using the orientation reflected by their dimensions definition and will only be flipped if a placement cannot be found and the item rules allow orientation changes. When false, all allowable initial orientation combinations will be attempted for each item in each box. | [optional] [default to true]
**ItemOrientationSearchDepth** | **int?** | When itemInitialOrientationPreferred is set to false, the itemOrientationSearchDepth is the number of unique, sorted, groups of Items sharing the same ItemSet definition that will be have every combination of initial orientation attempted. A value of 1 signifies that only the first item (and others still unpacked from its ItemSet) will have every orientation attempted and the engine subsequently selecting the most performant. A value of 2 signifies that the first groups of unpacked items, each sharing an ItemSet, will have every combination of orientation attempted. Increasing this value from 1 can very rapidly result in excessive complexity and a timeout error instead of a result, so discretion is advised. | [optional] 
**SequenceSort** | **bool?** | Whether or not the items should be initially sorted by their sequence value instead of by the specified itemSort. This is not always useful, as the default \&quot;biggest-first\&quot; volume sort is very effective for items, and constraining by maxSequenceDistance is applied regardless of this field. That said, for doing custom pre-sorts such as weight-based instead of volume based, this value should be set to true. | [optional] [default to false]
**SequenceHeatMap** | **bool?** | Colorize items solely by their sequence value, light when sequence is high, dark when it is low. Useful for indicating item bin location, weight, or other sequence property that may not be apparent from the default visualization. | [optional] [default to false]
**MaxSequenceDistance** | **int?** | This is the maximum distance allowable between two sequence values of items packed in a common box. E.g., \&quot;Distance\&quot; for an item sequence composed of aisle/bin combinations of \&quot;0401\&quot; and \&quot;1228\&quot; has a sequence distance of \\|1228 - 401\\| &#x3D; 827 | [optional] 
**BoxTypeChoiceStyle** | **string** | Defines how available boxTypes are selected when a new box must be created to pack additional items. The &#39;estimated&#39; style uses &#39;usableSpace&#39; to estimate how quickly each valid boxType will be filled by both weight and volume, and estimated cost is calculated. &#39;actual&#39; attempts real placement of subsequent items in each available boxType and selects the one with the lowest actual cost. &#39;actual&#39; is much slower than &#39;estimated&#39;, but will often return superior cost optimizations. | [optional] [default to BoxTypeChoiceStyleEnum.Actual]
**BoxTypeChoiceLookahead** | **int?** | &lt;p&gt;When selecting the next available boxType, we must consider how far to look ahead.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;Consider we have 8 items of identical dimensions, and two flat rate boxTypes. It is found that Box A can fit 6 items, and costs $12. Box B can fit 4 items, and costs $10.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;If we consider only the next box, i.e., &#39;boxTypeChoiceLookahead&#39; set to 0, we would select Box A. It costs $2 per item, whereas Box B is $2.50 per item. Box A is opened, 6 items are placed inside, and now 2 remain. To pack the last 2, Box B would be selected, as 2 items for $10 is $5 per item, and Box A&#39;s $12 is $6 per item.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;Alternatively, if &#39;boxTypeChoiceLookahead&#39; is set to 1, the boxType that provides the lowest cost per item &lt;i&gt;including&lt;/i&gt; the lookahead boxType(s) would be selected. In this case, we find we need 2 of Box B, for $20 total, to fit all 8 items, or $2.50 per item, and would need 1 of Box A and 1 of Box B if Box A is selected first, for $22 total or $2.75 per item. Box B would be used.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;Please note that &#39;boxTypeChoiceLookahead&#39;, especially when combined with the &#39;actual&#39; &#39;boxTypeChoiceStyle&#39; can have significant performance impacts. 0 is recommended for real-time use cases.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional] 
**BoxTypeChoiceGoal** | **string** | The objective to evaluate boxTypeChoices by. &#39;lowest-cost&#39; minimizes price or volume cost of boxTypes selected, &#39;most-items&#39; maximizes item count per box opened, i.e., fewest total boxes used. | [optional] [default to BoxTypeChoiceGoalEnum.LowestCost]
**BoxesPerItemSetMax** | **int?** | The maximum number of boxes that a single ItemSet&#39;s member items (i.e., all that share the same refId) can be spread across. Any items that do not fit within this number of boxes will be precluded from packing and returned in the leftovers array. The default setting of 0, a negative number, and null are all equivalent and indicate no maximum limit. | [optional] 
**ValueTiebreaker** | **string** | The tiebreaker to use in the event to box type choices are otherwise completely equal. Default is \&quot;volume\&quot;, alternative is \&quot;weight\&quot;. | [optional] [default to ValueTiebreakerEnum.Volume]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

